In the previous video we learned that a browser simply sends a request to a server somewhere in the
world over internet using the HDP s protocol and then it receives those javascript AML and c assessed
files so that it's able to display a Web site.
Now how can we actually check this.
Well I can actually go to view developer and this is using Google Chrome.
So I recommend for this part to use Google Chrome so you can follow what I'm doing.
If I go to developer tools here it's going to open up a little box here with some information for me.
Now what I want to focus on is this network tab and this network tab is going to tell us what type of
information we receive from the server.
If I refresh here you'll notice that I get some data here.
Now you want to make sure that there's no filter involved.
So we want to say over here that we want everything.
So there's no filter everything.
There's no searching going on.
And we can refresh again.
And all right.
We see a lot more files but this looks intimidating.
Let's think about what we just learned.
We learned that we first get an A CML file which happens to be this one.
It says over here type document.
And if I click over here this is an HMO document.
So the response from the server when I hit refresh remember it communicated to a server somewhere in
the world that had these files on that computer.
And here we have our 80 mile file.
If I'll scroll down look at that we can see over here the webcomic of romance sarcasm math and language
which is right over here.
Remember how I said A.T.M. is the text that gets displayed on a Web site.
Well this is our HCM all here that the server responded with and the browser knows how to read this
and display the text.
What about the CSF.
Well I can actually click on this CSF step here and show me all the CFS files that came from the server
you see over here that this again looks a little bit different.
It's in a different syntax than an HMO but all it does here is it gives me the stylus that I want.
You can see over here we can pick background color.
We can pick different position with left position.
And this gives us the styling that we want on a Web site and then if we go to JavaScript we actually
see the JavaScript files that this Web site uses.
Now we don't have to worry about JavaScript here.
JavaScript allows us to do some interactivity on this Web site.
That for now we probably don't need to worry about.
Now I do want to point out that there's a few other things in here like image and media and as you can
see images we definitely have some images in here that we are using click on preview we can see the
images.
But at the end of the day the concept is the same.
We have an HMO file which in our case is right over here.
You see how the ACM all file is displayed without CSX which is just the textual textual data.
We have the CSX which is the styling of our page and there's some javascript to make our page interactive
and maybe some images.
But at the end of the day all these things are actually just textual data that we receive from the server.
So that means that in order for us to be able to build our Web site we need to create these three things
an Asian male file a CSX file and a javascript file.
Actually we don't even need a javascript file if we don't want any interactivity.
We don't even need a CSX file if we don't want any styling.
We can even just use an Asian alpha.
So in the next video we're going to build our first Web site.
I'll see on that one.
Bobby.